HYMNS AND ARIAS
Tune: Hymns & Arias

It was on a Monday evening, WIPOS did his tricks,
He ran a trail of flour, with a bunch of silly pricks.
Though briars and shiggy, the hare had done his bit,
His aim was to ensure the hounds, were all waist deep in shit.

Chorus:
And we were singing, Hymns and Arias,
Land of my fathers, right up your nose.

At 5 o'clock the horn blew, to lead them on their way.
The hounds were keen to make a start, they'd been waiting half the day.
At first it seemed that WHO would lead the noble pack,
But he was far too dim to see the very first check back.

Rusty took an early lead. OOzing seemed half asleep,
But Rusty let the FRB's down, when he spied a lonely sheep.
He crept right up behind it, well hidden in the grass,
But that sheep turned out to be a goat, that butted him up the arse.

The Tird had a hard on, and was feeling very fit.
He took a short cut down a slope, and fell into a pit.
He landed on his private parts and to him it was no laugh
He grabbed at his crotch, and said, "I haven't got much left"

The Beer Stop was exciting, we sang for tree deer
But we hadn't considered the shotgun blasts, that we heard so near
The landowner came upon us and wasn't very kind
His friend had a shotgun waiting to shove up our behind

At on-on time the circle formed, the beer began to flow,
WHO was the Hashit, and put on quite a show.
The Hash were all entertained, until Hamster did his bit
They hailed his glorious antics until Ollie took a shit.

We got to the pub early and were jostled in the crowd; 
Grabbed a seat and beer, looked for toilets all around.
So many there we couldn't budge, should we go or stay? 
I'm ashamed we pissed in a bottle that once held an IPA.

WIPOS came in last but couldn’t find a seat.
We sang Hash songs so glorious waiting for something to eat.
We sympathized with WIPOS, finding a waitress was doomed to fail
So we gave him that old bottle, that once held India Pale Ale!

And we were singing hymns and arias,
"Land of my Fathers:, :Ar hyd y nos".

Watch Max Boyce sing Hymns and Arias at 1999 Opening Rugby World Cup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-EKY7z_jeE